-: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to create IAM
permissions required for our AWS X-ray daemon,
to run on EKS cluster
and then send the x-ray traces
from AWS EKS cluster X-ray daemon to the
AWS X-ray surveys.
So for that purpose you need to create a service account
in Kubernetes.
In addition to that, IAM role and then IAM policy
which will have the AWS X-ray daemon right access.
So all these things,
Kubernetes service account and then AWS IAM role.
And then, IAM policy already there
which we are going to leverage it.
So roll
and service account we are going to create with
a single command using EKS CTL create IAM service account.
So let's go ahead and then create that now.
So the name of the service account in Kubernetes,
it is going to be X-ray daemon
and it is going to get created in the default name space and
inside the cluster EKS demo one
and the IAM AWS IAM policy
it is going to attach for the role it is going to
create is AWS X-ray Daemon right access.
Okay, so let's go ahead and then create the same thing now.
So as soon as we create this
it is also going to create a cloud formation template
for us with the IAM role associated with it.
So let's go ahead and then see that once it creates
it should be creating the cloud formation account.
So we'll also verify the same thing now.
So it's deploying disrespect you, stack, which is nothing
but deploying stackman, deploying cloud formation stack.
So let me go back to
AWS management console and go to cloud formation.
And if you see here we already have a EKS cluster
related cloud formation template and ALB ingress controller
related IAM role and then external DNS related IAM role.
And also now this is related to this cluster is related
to our node group with two nodes, whatever we are running
in private subnets.
And now this is the one default X-ray daemon which is
creating now.
So like this it creates and then once it creates we can go
and then verify our stuff.
So it got created and if you go to resources section you
can find the IAM account it has created means
like IAM role it has created.
So I can click on this role and then it should have
the AWS X-ray daemon and right access policy.
Okay, AWS X-ray daemon and right access policy.
So this is the
role it has created as part of this section.
So in our next step
we are going to verify what all it created.
Okay, so let's go back to our terminal and I'll say clear
and kubectl get SCA will give the service accounts
in my Kubernetes cluster.
Okay, so I should have x-ray daemon now.
So it create, it created exactly 70 seconds before.
And then if you want you can even review right
the X-ray daemon kubectl describe
service account X-ray daemon
and it should have the role annotated here
whatever is the role AR and present here.
So this role, this role, whatever is there, right?
We are two and ends with MMDV.
So the same thing MMDV's
the same thing should be annotated on our service account.
So this is gluing or connecting between our service account
in EKS cluster and then IAM role insides, IAM AWS, right?
So now the next thing is
verify the service accounts present
in our EKS daemon cluster.
So using EKS CTL get IAM service accounts
in EKS daemon one cluster.
So this command will give all these service accounts
which were created using EKS CTL inside this cluster.
So we have external DNS X-ray daemon
and then ALB ingress controller.
So three service accounts and then it's equivalent
IAM roles we have created using EKS CTL, right?
So now we are going to deploy the X-ray EKS daemon .AML.
So before deploying it we'll go ahead
and then verify what is that AML file.
Okay, so if you go inside
13 distributed tracing using AWS X-ray
and then in cube manifests you'll have two folders.
Okay? So one is 01 X-ray daemons set
and another one is 02 applications.
Okay? So in 01 X-ray daemon set you will have the
X-ray daemon set .AML.
So inside that one will be
with the service account information.
So inside that service account information, right
which is X-ray daemon service account.
So let's update the role, whatever we have created just now.
Okay, so this is the role ARN, you can copy it from here
or for this command output
also it provides the same X-ray daemon AR and only.
Okay, so I can take this one, right?
Even this one I can copy
and then paste it for my service account information.
Okay, so I'll make it like this.
So I have copied MMD with the entire update
the IAM role created for x-ray access.
So this IAM roll layer and I have updated here
in my file and the next thing is daemon set.
So for daemon set also it will be similar like
whatever we have seen related to deployment only.
So only thing is kind is deployment and update strategy.
It is going to use me to select to update the notes.
It is going to do in a rolling update fashion
and it also has the standard selector template
which is nothing but match labels with app X-ray daemon.
So CMS deployment template only you can see only
the kind is daemon set. Okay?
And it also has the port template with metadata labels.
App X-ray daemon CM is presenting, selector labels.
Okay? So that's about it.
And in pod spec the service account it is going
to use is X-ray daemon
and it has some volume information, x-ray config
and then container information it is going to use
and it's resources and then it supports X-ray
in just ports both UDP and TCP with 2000
and it is going to do a volume mount slash AWS slash X-ray.
Okay? So that's about it.
And another important thing here is conflict map.
Whatever it is going to do is nothing
but TCP and UDP addresses listening on
0 0 0 0 off 2000 with all ips on 2000 on those notes.
And in addition to that
the service means like we already discussed
about the whatever the part it is going to
create it need to be exposed X-ray port
it need to be exposed using a cluster IP service.
So X-ray related cluster IP service with ports
both X-ray ingest and then X-ray TCP
with 2000 port PCP and UDP getting exposed here.
So this is the X-ray daemon.
So now let's go back here
and then we updated the information.
Whatever is required here.
The role ARN with the MMDV is the last thing, right?
So it should be MMDV.
So let's cross verify MMDV.
That's good.
So now we'll go back here and then so update also completed.
Next is deploy this demonstrate.
So we are going to say kubectl apply-F cube manifest
and then inside 01 X-ray daemon set, this file is there.
So we are going to use the complete path to
do the deployment.
Okay, so I'll say clear and I will paste it, right?
So once it is deployed
so we need to go inside our 13th section
which is microservices distributed tracing, right?
And inside that we are going to deploy it.
So I am inside the folder 13 microservices
distributed tracing using AWS X-ray on EKS
there I'm doing the X-ray daemon set deployment.
So it should create the service account and then
daemon set config map and then it's equivalent service.
So now we are going to verify everything.
Okay? So kubectl, get deploy, deployment, SVC service
and then for all the three things.
Okay, so now deployment got created
and one of one deployment is ready.
And then service got created which is X-ray service
with both ports, which is a cluster IP service
and it also created X-ray daemon in two nodes.
Okay? So we can even say kubectl
get ports-wide,
okay, so it should be creating two, two ports in two nodes.
Okay? So if you see 120 is one node
and then 86 is one node.
So per node it has created one X-ray daemon related pod
using daemon set concept in Kubernetes.
So that's good.
So now the next thing is, so
if you want we can get the daemon set information here.
Kubectl get daemon set and kubectl
describe daemon set and the name is
X-ray-daemon.
So to view what is present in this daemon set
it has the image is X-ray daemon
and then image is Amazon AWS X-ray daemon
exports and then host ports.
Everything information related to that is present here.
Okay? So it has created two parts
and then those information also available here.
So now the next thing is review the deployment manifests
and then application related stuff.
So in our next lecture we are going to focus
on application stuff.
So in this lecture we have successfully
completed creating that daemon set and then it's equal
and IAM roles and then service roles.
And in next lecture we'll focus
on application related stuff.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.